- Shh.
- (HORSE SNORTS)
(SOFTLY) Shh. Yeah.
Yeah.
Easy. Easy.
(WHINNIES)
Oh.
It's not fair. this life.
(HORSE GRUNTS)
I know you deserve better.
(GUN COCKS)
Best I can offer you is peace.
(COWS LOWING)
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
(STEAM HISSING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING ON RADIO)
(SIRENS WAILING)
- (COWS LOWING)
- (SIREN BLARING)
(TIRES SCREECH)
(CAR DOORS SHUT)
The things we lose
to keep you fed.
- (LOWING)
- (INDISTINCT CHATTER ON POLICE RADIO)
Jesus. that's John Dutton.
Commissioner. you all right?
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
MAN: The state of Montana
has never gauged its progress
by the size of its cities.
We measure our progress
by how those cities
impact the people
and the land surrounding them.
the land that feeds them.
provides their water.
nourishes their souls.
MAN 2: This doesn't sound
like a legal argument. Mr. Dutton.
It sounds like a lecture.
MAN: Well. it's a summation
of our state constitution.
which clearly states
that land preservation
and property rights take
precedence over public expansion.
The constitution clearly denotes
the state's right to eminent domain
and grants the authority
to condemn property
for the public good.
For essential public services
like hospitals. schools. highways.
not housing developments.
Housing is essential.
Bozeman has doubled
in size in a decade.
We're 30 miles away.
and our population is less
than it was 40 years ago.
Why? Because their fence
guarantees we don't grow.
Stagnation is death for a town.
and the Duttons
are the ones killing it.
Well. poetic if it were true.
since a Dutton founded the town.
As it stands. the
defendant is correct.
Our land use laws
are quite clear.
For this commission to
grant eminent domain.
you must show
public need. not desire.
I think that's enough
posturing. Let's put it to a vote.
The plaintiff hasn't shown
any legal imperative for a vote.
No. this case is dismissed.
(GAVEL THUDS)
It's 30.000 acres. Jamie.
That isn't a
fraction of the ranch.
Okay. look. you can
harvest the timber first.
no environmental
review. nothing.
You can cut every
tree to the root.
You want to suggest to my father
that he clear-cut his land. be my guest.
You're a braver man than me.
Just mention it. Jamie.
The town grows. or it dies.
Well. maybe it should grow up.
Condos. Alan. like they
have in San Francisco.
Condos?
Who wants to live in
a condo in Montana?
MAN: I don't know how you're
gonna get 'em out by yourself.
Don't have to get 'em all out.
Just that stallion.
Once he's gone. the rest
will leave on their own.
MAN 2: Best of luck. That bastard
kicked my truck door so hard.
we had to use a
crowbar to get it open.
That damn mustang's done
more in one week to stop drilling
than every environmental
group in the state.
Maybe I should just
leave him where he is then.
MAN: Where'd you find this guy?
MAN 2: Yellow pages.
Ad says he works
with problem horses.
Oh. this'll be interesting.
Kid's fucking crazy.
(HORSE WHINNIES)
Yeah. uh. sure is
building something.
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
- (SOFTLY) Beth.
- Of course he didn't.
He couldn't find his
ass with both hands.
- Bob... Bob needs you.
- Give me a minute.
I don't think he has a minute.
God damn it. Bob. I didn't come
here to do business with these people.
I came here to do
business with you.
I can hear you screaming
halfway down the hall. Craig.
I thought we were gonna
try and work this out. Bob.
We've been trying to work
this out for three hours. Craig.
This is the alternative.
We don't want to merge.
No one wants to merge with you.
You have a three-to-one debt
ratio. It'd be easier to sell VCRs.
I'm not gonna be bullied
by your hatchet man. Bob.
We will pull our funds.
and we will take our business
down the street to Chase.
We're just asking you
to suspend the dividend.
- And kill the stock!
- What do you think's gonna happen
when I dump our 18%
share tomorrow morning?
I'll tell you what.
The stock will drop below
10. SEC will suspend trading.
and every creditor
you have will file on you.
Your company will be
chapter 11 by Friday.
and since we're
your largest creditors.
I can promise you there'll
be no negotiating then.
I will be CEO of IL
Energy by Monday.
I will fire every
fucking employee.
Then I will sell your leases
and equipment to Chevron
for 30 cents on the
dollar. and you. buddy.
you will have the unique distinction
of being the only drilling company
to go bankrupt in the largest
oil boom of the last century.
Won't that look
good on a resume?
I started this
company in my garage.
That's where it's gonna end up
if you don't suspend the dividend
and allow us to
assume management.
Don't look at him.
You're dealing with me now.
So what's it gonna be?
Are we restructuring your
company tomorrow or killing it?
BOB: Good.
You made the
right choice. Craig.
We'll get you through this.
(QUIETLY) Bitch.
I just saved your house.
I put your kids through college.
Maybe you should say
something more appropriate.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
- (HORSE WHINNYING)
- (THUDDING)
(MUFFLED THUDDING)
(HORSE WHINNYING)
(THUDDING CONTINUES)
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
- (THUDS)
Another suicide.
that's just the worst
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
- (THUDS)
And here's the kinda town
Singing to the moon
our lonesome song
(HORSE CONTINUES WHINNYING)
(THUDS)
- (HORSE WHINNYING)
- (THUDDING)
- (CHILDREN PLAYING)
- (THUDDING CONTINUES)
Daddy!
Hey. buddy.
(THUDDING AND
WHINNYING CONTINUES)
Bet it was fun putting
him in the trailer.
Yeah. like haulin' a tornado.
How are you planning
on getting him out?
I'm just making
this up as I go. babe.
(THUDDING CONTINUES)
(HORSE SNORTING)
I'd step back a bit
further if I were you.
(HORSE WHINNYING)
It's all right.
(THUDS)
I know it don't
seem like it. but it is.
(THUDDING AND WHINNYING)
- Easy.
- (HORSE SNORTING)
- (HORSE GRUNTS)
Whoa.
Easy. That's it.
That's it.
- Hey.
- (HORSE GRUNTING)
- Whoa... Whoa.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
You kids get back!
Hey. hey. hey.
(GRUNTING)
That's it. that's it. Come on.
(HORSE SNORTING)
It's all right. It's all right.
(HORSE GRUNTING SOFTLY)
Can I pet him?
Sure. son. in about a year.
No fear in this one.
He got that from you.
You mean no common
sense. He got that from you.
Well. I suppose your homework
is in the kitchen doing itself.
(KIDS CHATTERING AND GIGGLING)
(GRUNTING LOUDLY)
Oh. he's gonna be fun to break.
Well. holler at me
if you need my help.
Free tomorrow?
Could use a hand.
Yeah. sure.
Bring a horse.
Just not that one.
Wow. My brother
actually talked to you.
Well. that was progress.
Yeah. it was something.
I got parent conferences
tonight. so you're on Tate patrol.
All right.
I wonder what he's thinking.
Well. he's probably
thinking I took his freedom.
Well. he's right.
(HORSE GRUNTING SOFTLY)
Supper's ready.
Ah. damn it.
Your mother was
always better at this.
Hey. you know
who's really good at it?
- Doctors.
- Yeah.
Should have done that yesterday.
Here. let me do
it. Let me do it.
All right. Alan asked
me to mention it. so I will.
They'd allow us to harvest
the timber before the...
No.
- The answer's no.
- Yeah.
Can I do this?
Yeah.
When you say no. it must
be the death of the question.
Mmm-hmm. I understand.
If there's even a hint of maybe.
the questions won't stop until they
find something you can't say no to.
Mmm.
You got to learn when to think
like a lawyer. you understand?
And when to think
like a landowner.
Or a lawyer's all
you're ever gonna be.
Yeah.
Well. I'll say this. You...
You got your mother's hands.
(BARKING)
(HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING)
(HORSES WHINNYING)
Hey.
I told them no.
Hey. I said you
wouldn't consider it.
Should you consider
it? Absolutely.
We could use the money and
the leverage that comes with it.
You're not coming. Dad?
No. I got a meeting in Bozeman.
Why don't you take your
badge out with you today?
Take a rifle too.
I mean. they won't give
us any trouble over strays.
I mean. hell. they'll probably
help us round them up.
Well. the badge is for the
ranchers riding with you.
It'll keep them from
bringing home any extras.
Did you hear me?
Leverage is knowing
if someone had
all the money in the world
this is what they'd buy.
(BIRD SCREECHING)
(DISTANT CHANTING)
(CHANTING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE)
(DRUMMING INTENSIFIES)
(CHANTING)
(CHANTING AND
DRUMMING CONTINUES)
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
(CHANTING AND DRUMMING
CONTINUES IN DISTANCE)
Senator.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I wanted to see
the reservation first.
Did you enjoy your tour?
No. no. I did not.
Well. it's good
that you took it.
Inequity must be
witnessed to be changed.
Please have a seat.
Oh.
I can't imagine all your mother
overcame just to raise you here.
I never met my mother.
and I wasn't raised here.
Till I was 18. I
thought I was Mexican
even though I
didn't look Mexican
and I didn't feel Mexican.
if one can feel their heritage.
which I believe one can.
When I turned 18. my
adoption records were unsealed.
and imagine my surprise.
I confronted my adopted parents.
who said they lied to protect me.
They said as a Mexican.
I would face
discrimination. sure.
but as an Indian. I
would know a hatred
that had to be endured
to be fully understood.
They thought they were
giving me a better chance at life.
That's this nation's policy
toward us. always has been.
If we want a better life. all we
have to do is stop being Indian.
I'm gonna change that policy.
My people are the only ones
that can change that policy.
(SIGHS)
The gambler's
money is like a river.
flowing one way. our way.
Senator. you've
never driven a road
or walked a trail or skied
a mountain in Montana
that didn't belong
to my people first.
This nation doesn't
want to give it back?
So be it.
We'll buy it back
with their money.
So what do you want from me?
I want you to help me spend it.
Come. Meet the
people we're saving.
MAN: (ON MEGAPHONE) Ladies
and gentlemen. let's welcome
the new chairman of Broken
Rock. Thomas Rainwater!
(CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
What about water and power?
You don't need
a permit for that?
See. the bank's concern is
that you're gonna break ground.
and the state or the fucking
EPA paper us in lawsuits
because we built a power
plant without a permit.
In the state of Montana.
no permit is required
to build a power source
for a mine or a mill.
Now. we'll construct
our own mill
that will also allow us to harvest
wood directly from the forest.
cutting our lumber cost by 65%.
Damming the river here
will generate enough power
to light every home
in the subdivision.
Now. this is a
self-sustaining community
thirty miles from the most pristine
wilderness in North America.
Now. if you don't see
the potential in that.
- we need another bank.
- We see the potential.
I just...
There are no restrictions
on damming a river?
Beavers do it all the time.
On our land it's our river.
Now. this isn't
California. gentlemen.
This is Montana.
We can do whatever we want.
- (CAR DOOR THUDS)
- (ENGINE TURNS OVER)
(SOFT ROCK MUSIC PLAYING IN BAR)
My name's Ted.
Where are you from?
Really? (LAUGHS)
I've been here a week.
You're the first person I've
met who's actually from here.
Can I buy you another drink?
Why not?
Hey. Dalton. give
me another one.
You don't live here anymore.
though. not dressed like that.
You came back
for a family reunion.
No. no. those never happen
at home for some reason.
Let's see. Bozeman
is a college town.
so I'm gonna say
a school reunion.
class of 2006.
Am I close?
Do you feel close. Ted?
Ah. it feels like
I'm getting close.
My turn.
You're in real estate or
something equally as unimportant.
married. couple of
kids. one on the way.
That was your excuse
to come out here.
Need the break.
Work. family life.
It's so demanding.
A little fresh air.
a little "me time."
You came alone 'cause none
of your friends could afford it.
and those who do.
they... They have wives
a lot smarter than yours
'cause let's be honest. Ted.
you didn't come here to fish.
You're hunting.
That's why you're sitting in a
bar instead of standing in a river.
Who the hell are
you to judge me?
I ain't judging you. buddy.
Morning. gentlemen.
I'm hunting too.
just not hunting you.
What's wrong with me?
You look like a
real soft fuck. Ted.
All you city boys do.
Gentlemen. mind if I join you?
(RANCHERS SHOUTING)
RANCHER: They even got
the barbed wire tore down.
That is our property.
God damn it.
Can't hear ya.
Come about two feet closer.
- You think I won't?
- I think you shouldn't.
but coming on our land
is bred into you people.
I've had enough of your shit.
Let me tell you something...
- (MEN SHOUTING)
- (GUNS CLICKING)
When those cattle
walked onto our land.
they became our cattle
to do as we please.
Whatever happens
next happens to you first.
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
Son of a bitch.
Back up.
You should respect
your veterans.
Boy. you sure
made a mess of this.
It was a mess when I got here.
This is a tribal issue. John.
Livestock commission's
got no authority here.
Those look like livestock to me.
The Chief's at Commencement.
but I'm calling the shots.
I'm impressed you said
that with a straight face. Ben.
The cattle wandered
onto res land. John.
Yeah. well.
cattle don't know the difference
between your land and ours.
Neither did we till the
government showed us. Ha.
Now I guess we're showing you.
I argued against it.
but the new chief...
Hungry for a fight. this one.
God damn it. I just...
I just don't see how anyone
gains from all this. Felix.
I don't either. but
he don't think like me.
Grew up in Denver. went
to some big university.
Now he thinks like you.
I'll keep 'em here as
long as I can. John.
I'll bring up hay so
they don't wander.
- Lee!
- I got to go.
Clear everyone out.
You know. there was barbed
wire on this fence a week ago.
I know. Now clear them out.
RANCHER: Move out!
JOHN: All right. let's go!
GIRL: (SINGING)
Our flag was still there
Oh. say does that star-spangled
Banner yet wave
O'er the land of the free
And the home of the brave
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
AUCTIONEER: Ladies and
gentlemen. I'd like to welcome you out
to the 2018
Greater Montana
Livestock Auction.
We're gonna start out
with lot number one.
It's Royal M. Duke.
a 2013 registered
English bull offered by
Double G Angus Ranch.
sired by Supreme
Domino out of Miss Domino.
Now we're gonna start
the bidding out at 25.000.
I'm at 25. I'm at 50.
(AUCTIONEERING)
I'm at 55. gonna
go 60. at 60 now.
now five on 65.000.
65 looking for 70.
(AUCTIONEERING) Seventy-five.
75. and now bid at 80. 80.000. 85?
Eighty-five now 90. 90?
Just gotta make one
phone call. I'll be right back.
We have any legal
recourse on reservation land?
Civil maybe. but if
you're talking prosecution.
we need friends in the
US Attorney's Office.
Make some.
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
Hello. Trent.
John.
I wouldn't wish the week you're
having on my mother-in-law.
- (LAUGHING)
- Well. it's only Tuesday.
Fifty. 60. 60.
Now 70. Seventy now.
Seventy-five. now bid at 80. 80.
John.
This is not the day. Dirk.
The word has it you're hiring.
Cowboys. not criminals.
I can't stop him.
You can.
Jimmy's the only
family I have left.
The favor's to me. not to him.
Please.
We're gonna do
this my way. all right?
- You understand? My way.
- Yeah.
I remember when your way was the only
way. and the world was better for that.
- Hello. Governor.
- John.
How are you?
Thank you.
Jamie did well at the hearing.
Yeah. well. it's easy to do well
when the outcome's decided.
I couldn't hit it if he didn't tee it
up. and my offer still stands. John.
Yeah. well...
I don't want him in politics.
He's already in politics.
Yeah. with a
constituency of one.
(LAUGHS)
How concerned should I be
about this issue on the Res?
It's a new chief
showing off for his voters.
We've all done it.
- (CROWD APPLAUDS)
- Well.
we should schedule a lunch.
I could use a lunch.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
AUCTIONEER: Sold it
to you. 135. sold it. 135.
- Up top there. bidder number 12.
- (CATTLE LOWING)
You were right.
They're building a city.
Goodnight. Daddy.
Goodnight. sweetheart.
Good to have you home.
(CLICKING LIPS)
(CLICKING TONGUE)
That's it.
Come on. That's it.
That's it. That's it. buddy.
Got tiger stripes on his legs.
You know what that
means. don't you?
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
- Spanish blood.
- Pure.
One of his ancestors
probably bucked a conquistador
and took to the hills.
You manage to break his spirit.
no horse will serve you better.
He'll serve me just
fine with spirit intact.
Yeah.
I used to think the
same thing at your age.
Hope you prove me wrong.
I didn't know them
were your cattle.
Would it have made a difference?
You don't want to be on
the wrong side of this. son.
Yeah. well. the list of
things I don't want is endless.
You telling me what
to do is one of them.
I'm not telling you what to do.
I just don't want
you to get in trouble.
Well. if I'd have known there was
sides. I wouldn't have been there at all.
Good Lord. even here the
world just keeps on coming.
KAYCE: Rough week. huh?
JOHN: Yeah.
One only a grandson could fix.
Thought I'd come see
Tate play in the dirt.
maybe even join him.
He's at Monica's parents.
I guess the early grandpa
gets the worm. huh?
Can I give you
some advice. Kayce?
Someday your
son's gonna test you.
He's gonna force
you to make a decision
that not only determines
his future but your place in it.
I want you to remember
me standing here. son.
before you make that
decision. because this...
This is a consequence
of choosing wrong.
Anything else?
I just want to know him. Kayce.
- You know him.
- No. I don't. I don't.
We've met. but I don't really
know him. And he doesn't know me.
Is it too much to ask that
you help make that happen?
(SCOFFS)
You've always asked too much.
(SOFTLY) Come on.
(TRUCK STARTS)
What was he doing here?
(SIGHS) Who knows?
TATE: Dad!
Is this for me?
(HARD ROCK MUSIC
PLAYING IN TRAILER)
(MUSIC STOPS)
You Jimmy?
Dirk Herstrom's boy?
(STAMMERS)
You alone. Jimmy?
I'll take that as a yes.
(TASER ZAPPING)
You're a two-time loser. Jimmy.
One more felony. and
they throw away the keys.
You know what? You
might do all right in prison.
You got the lips for it.
You're either a servant
or a king in this place.
and I ain't no fucking servant.
MAN: No. no.
You're a thief.
Oh. what the fuck. man?
What the fuck. man?
Wait. wait. wait!
Wait. wait. wait! Wait. wait!
Fucking psycho. wait!
Jimmy. I'm gonna
give you two choices.
One is I take you
and all this shit.
and I drive you down
to the sheriff's office.
and it's good riddance
to your sorry ass.
or you prove that you
deserve another chance.
From what I can see. you
don't. but it ain't up to me.
You're with the Yellowstone?
It's getting cold. Jimmy.
You know what? Fuck it.
I'm taking you to the sheriff's.
- Wait. just...
- Just get up.
Why would John Dutton
give a shit about me?
He doesn't.
But he will.
Now. you be a man
about it. Don't scream.
(BREATHING HARD)
- (BRANDING IRON SIZZLES)
- (GROANING)
(GROANS)
You know where the ranch is?
You start Monday.
Hey. we need a new dishwasher.
I notice you never ask for
appliances with your pants on.
Number one. I make more money
- than you do. cowboy.
- Oh. yeah?
And number two.
I already bought it.
No pants is so you don't bitch
about driving to
Billings to pick it up.
Ugh. Billings.
It's so far.
Tell me about today.
He just wants to
know his grandson.
I guess we could give him
that. What do you think?
You know what I think.
But we'll give it to him anyway.
It'll happen to us too someday.
Tate'll move away and
have a family of his own.
and all we'll
get is little fixes.
That is the meanest thing
you've ever said to me.
I know. baby. but it's true.
We can make another.
That way when he
leaves. it won't hurt so bad.
Hold on.
One-one-three-eight.
Lost one last year.
Old gal just turned 11.
Get rid of her.
(CLEARS THROAT)
I needed you at the auction.
I was at the auction.
I don't mean checking brands.
Dad. I stand in
bullshit 12 hours a day.
I'm not gonna do it at
night. That's Jamie's job.
You can't run this place
if you won't interact
with the people. Lee.
- I'm running it right now. Dad.
- This ain't running it.
- Don't start with me.
- This ain't running it!
This is working it.
God damn it. 38 years old. you
still don't know the difference.
Shit. one's down.
(COWS LOWING)
Looks like a breech.
LEE: Can we get her up?
JOHN: No. we'll pull it...
We'll pull it while she's down.
LEE: You got her?
Okay. ready?
(LOWING)
I'm sorry.
(COW HUFFING)
- You feel the legs?
- LEE: Not yet.
(COW GRUNTS)
Easy. mama. Easy. easy.
Okay. got them. I got
them. All right. tell me when.
- (STRAINING) Tell me when.
- (COW MOANING)
- All right. go.
- (GRUNTS)
Shh. easy. mama.
Shh.
(GRUNTING)
(LOWING)
(BOTH COWS LOWING)
(SIGHS AND LAUGHS)
(SIGHS AND GROANS)
Phew.
When you look at that
calf. what do you see?
I see a life I got to feed and defend
until it grows up and feeds me.
Yeah.
That's what a cowboy should see.
But a cattleman sees a $293
investment worth $1.100 in seven months
whether it feeds anyone or not.
I wish I saw it different. Dad.
Well. we see it the
way we see it. son.
(CATTLE LOWING)
Well. if it isn't
bachelor number two.
up at the crack of 9:30 and
dressed to seize the day.
Yeah.
- It's Saturday.
- No weekends on a ranch.
You know that.
Nice to see you're
still smoking.
(LAUGHS)
Well. women in this family
don't live much past 40 anyway.
so I might as well
enjoy my time.
What are you doing here?
Same thing I always do.
Fixing something you couldn't.
- You missed breakfast.
- (DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES)
(BUFFALO GRUNTING)
Now. what the hell are we
supposed to do with buffalo?
You'll see.
Yeah. well. how much
do these sumbitches cost?
Well. they ain't cheap.
(HORSE WHINNIES)
I was thinking
about you yesterday.
A friend of mine in Jackson
Hole was talking about their rodeo.
Bozeman doesn't
have one. Why not?
It's 'cause nobody
here cares about rodeos.
Oh. you're wrong. John.
Every millionaire I know
wants to be a cowboy.
Authenticity's the one
thing that money can't buy.
It'd be good for Bozeman and a
great way to honor men like you.
Yeah. well. parading
us in front of your friends.
Dan. isn't an honor.
It's a... It's an insult.
You want to build subdivisions.
move to Dallas. I won't have them here.
Yeah. that's right. Nothing
happens in this valley
I don't know about.
It's called progress. John. and
progress doesn't need your permission.
Yeah. in this valley it does.
What do you care what I build?
You expect me to believe
that you're concerned
about the environment?
You raise cattle.
you fucking hypocrite.
You know what I think
it is? I think it's ego.
I think it chaps your ass
to walk through a grocery store
and nobody knows who you are.
You bet your ass it does
because every family you move
in moves a family I know out.
With every winner.
there's a loser.
First thing you
said I agree with.
Can't stop it. John.
Watch me.
Go ahead. say it.
It'll make a lawsuit
much simpler.
Say. "Stop building or else."
(HORSE GRUNTING)
I'm skipping straight to "or
else" with you. you cocksucker.
and from now on
"or else" is all you get.
And by the way.
you owe me a horse.
you son of a bitch.
BETH: He's not there.
You look nervous. Rip.
Like a stray dog who can't
enjoy being in the house
'cause he's so worried
about the broom.
You're up early.
I don't really sleep.
Yeah. well. they say
spiders don't. so...
(CHUCKLING) Oh.
What are you doing?
Adjusting my web.
(CLEARS THROAT)
You know. life's not
that complicated. Rip.
You either walk
on down the hall...
Or fuck me.
(DRESSER THUDDING)
(BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY)
(MOANING)
There's a music festival
in Livingston this weekend.
You want to go with me?
You ruin it every time.
That's funny.
I always remember
your dick as being bigger.
I guess that's just
the nostalgic in me.
Is this where you ate ice
cream when you were a boy?
This wasn't here
when I was a boy.
None of this was.
I will say this though.
These transplants sure
can make some ice cream.
What's a transplant?
It's. um.
a person who moves to a place.
and then they try to make that
place just like the place they left.
That don't make sense.
Not one bit.
It's all right. Here.
Give me that.
Hold that in both hands
and eat it from the top
so it don't fall off again.
- Come on.
- What kind you gonna get?
Is he a transplant?
They're all transplants.
What's the matter. Dad?
Nothing. buddy.
Just hope I don't regret this.
Lord Jebediah.
won't you let me down
Promise me a place
from here much better
There's the aftermath
them ties and tracks
Your red dog. won't
you give it all up for me?
I'm set to save a dime a day
And get a log cabin
down there by the river
(CAR DOOR SHUTS)
Thought I'd bring
the fix to you.
You know how to ride a horse?
'Course I do. I'm Indian.
(STRAINING) Yeah. maybe so.
But you're a cowboy today.
Thank you for this.
LEE: Well. shit. Kayce.
I've dated women with
shorter hair than you.
Yeah. you sure they
were women. Lee?
I know.
(BOTH GRUNT)
BETH: Hey. cowboy.
Last time I saw you.
that was high and tight.
How's Mr. Daniel?
(CLICKS TONGUE)
Good for you.
Yeah. you're the only one
who shares that opinion.
That's 'cause I'm the only
one who got to know him.
(LAUGHS)
What are you doing here?
Closure. I guess. You?
Penance.
Not sure you'll find that here.
Penance you earn.
Closure you find.
Look somewhere
else. and you might.
Hey. Kayce. let's
go. Grab a horse.
(SIGHS) Any
chance you'd join us?
I don't get near
those fucking things.
- Yah!
- Move it!
(MEN SHOUTING AND WHISTLING)
- (BUFFALO SNORTING)
- (HORSES NEIGHING)
(RANCHERS SHOUTING)
Let me do it. Grandpa.
- Can you do it?
- Yeah.
Hi-yah!
This horse ain't got any go.
He's got some go. Hold on.
I'll get him going for you.
Race you. Yah!
Yah!
(CLICKS TONGUE)
Whoo!
Think they should hold here.
(RANCHERS SHOUTING IN DISTANCE)
Kayce might be the only
man who can outride him.
Just might be.
Fish on. Tate.
All right. buddy.
Here. grab... Grab that rod.
Reel him in.
There you go. Reel it in. buddy.
(CHUCKLES)
Whoo!
Lee. get my horse. Whoo!
Little late in
the year for that.
Got him.
TATE: I caught a fish!
KAYCE: Can you pull him up?
Look at that.
Whoo!
That's a big one. huh?
TATE: Yeah. LEE:
Oh. she's pretty.
Look at that one.
Any luck?
Here. wait. don't touch it.
It's kind of hot.
Careful.
You're gonna raise
him on a reservation?
People do it every day.
'Cause they have
no choice. Kayce.
Yeah. looks like
he's ready to eat.
It's a good day.
Every day. just like this.
Who are you kidding?
Bet you haven't
fished here in years.
Only thing we haven't done
in years is see you. Kayce.
Well. he told me to leave.
He told us all to leave.
You were just the
only one who did.
It's different. You know that.
Right. so you're gonna raise him in
that meth-filled desert to prove a point.
What I'm proving
you'll never understand.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
(CHUCKLES)
Shit. I miss being young.
You wake up in the morning. and
you just keep right on dreaming. huh?
You're a 38-year-old bachelor
living in your father's house.
working 100-hour weeks
for a nibble of his approval.
Is that the dream. Lee?
Sure as shit ain't mine.
- Hey.
- (LAUGHS)
TATE: Hey!
Don't throw things at my dad.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
- Whoa!
- Oh.
- Fucker.
- Tate!
- Whoa!
(LAUGHS)
(LAUGHING) It's okay. buddy.
We're just brothers
arguing. man.
Nobody's mad. okay?
It's all right.
You gonna tell me there's
no fight in that blood?
He's right though.
It is a good day.
He said "fucker."
(LAUGHING)
You got green for water.
Blue is sewage. yellow for gas.
Driveways are marked in pink
and corner buildings in red.
If I were to dam the river
I'd do it right there
around the bend.
That's where they're doing it.
That's your property upstream?
Now. I'm not gonna lie to you.
There's gonna be a
severe impact to your land.
Erosion's my biggest concern.
My biggest concern is a
subdivision sucking on our river.
There's nothing you can do.
On their land. it's their river.
I mean. I can't stop
the river from flowing.
I don't want you
to stop it. Ron.
I want you to move it.
How's it going over there?
Oh. hey. we got to
make the dressing.
Oh. okay. I'll make it.
How could you give
him a D. Monica?
He's your nephew.
The D was a gift. believe me.
What can I say?
Math is not his
thing. like his father.
Well. he better make it his thing.
or he's gonna end up like his father.
He's my brother. I can say it.
When I get my steers.
I'm gonna take one.
and carve out a porterhouse
the size of a radiator.
(BOTH LAUGH)
They divvying up the cattle?
You don't like it. maybe you
shouldn't have rounded them up.
They ain't yours to divvy.
What is that one?
It's a Silver Star.
You got one of those?
What do you have
to do to win one?
You got to kill someone
to get one of those.
Ain't that right. Kayce?
What about that one?
That's the Navy Cross.
You wouldn't believe what
I had to do to get that one.
(VEHICLE APPROACHING)
What's he doing here?
Well. I hope I'm not intruding.
Of course not. but my
grandfather's not here.
Well. I'm not here to
see your grandfather.
I want to thank you for
helping the other day.
I don't know your father.
I hope it didn't put you in
an uncomfortable position.
Well. if you plan on
keeping his cattle.
you'll get to know
him real well.
(CHUCKLES)
Those are bargaining
chips. a means to an end.
Politicians are like crabs. We
move sideways to go forward.
Well. that won't get
you too far with him.
An honest man?
He says he'll do something.
you're not gonna stop him.
if you call that honest.
I do.
It's a rare thing these days.
What do you want from me?
To help me
understand the man
I'm negotiating with.
Well. he's reasonable
till he's provoked.
Then reason
don't factor in at all.
Doubt that helps you.
but that's who he is.
That helps.
Thank you for your time.
Have a good evening.
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(CLICKS LIPS)
You're not joining him?
You didn't ask me here to hunt.
I'm here to talk cattle.
They don't belong to you.
They don't belong to you either.
They belong to the people now.
JOHN: Every one of
them wears a brand.
If anybody tries to
move them off the Res...
They'll never leave the Res.
We'll use them to raise
calves. wear our brand.
I understand your position. Thomas.
and what you think you need to do.
but I won't allow you to make
victims of the people who elected me
just to appease the
people who elected you.
Your people don't know
the concept of victim.
Let's keep this about cattle.
If you act like a thief.
Thomas. I will treat you like one.
How can you stand there on a
ranch the size of Rhode Island
and accuse me of theft?
Is this your idea of respect?
Letting some crippled old
man ride his lame horse
out toward your
half-tame buffalo
so he can pretend to be something
we haven't been in a century?
Whoo!
Look what you've reduced us to.
(CLICKS TONGUE)
Here's another one.
(HEN CLUCKING)
You lay everywhere but the coop.
(CHILDREN CHATTERING)
(SPEAKING NATIVE LANGUAGE)
Backstraps.
- Staying for dinner?
- Can't.
Just need a few words
with this young buck here.
Can you give us a minute?
If you can say it to him.
you can say it to me.
Hard to talk about you when
you're standing here. darling.
Come on. Tate. We're
being sent to our room.
The Nation will keep the cattle.
Your father will try
to take them back.
He has every right.
We had every right to take
them. so now we will fight.
It's his fight. not mine.
You will be judged for
the actions of your father.
If you do nothing. you
will be judged for that too.
They all will.
Maybe it's best you go
home for a while. eh?
This is my home.
You know what I mean.
I've been nothing but a
friend to everybody here.
If somebody wants me to leave.
you can tell them to come make me.
Pretty silly thing to
say on a reservation.
I don't ask much. but
I'm asking you this.
Go home.
Take care of my granddaughter.
Be good to that boy.
Until they find a cure for human
nature. a man must stand with his people.
And we are not your people.
RIP: Hey. Hey. Jimmy!
Let's go. You're late.
- You know how to ride a horse?
- Uh...
Figures. Come here.
Give me your shit.
Let's go. That there is Ron.
You do whatever the
hell he asks you to do.
Come on. get on.
Get on the horse.
I don't...
Get on the horse. Jimmy.
Pull the reins to stop.
Kick him in the belly to go.
All right. let's move.
Both in one night?
Everyone's forgotten
who runs this valley.
So this is how you remind them?
This is not the
way to remind them.
It's a bad idea.
We don't choose
the way. little brother.
(HELICOPTER POWERING UP)
TATE: Dad. I'm
the fastest runner.
I'm bucking. I'm bucking.
And he falls.
(THUDS AND LAUGHS)
Home
A candle you can
hold. you're not alone
Home
So far away. come on home
A voice from within.
you're not alone
Home
A candle you can
hold. you're not alone
Home
You're so far away. come on home
A voice from within.
you're not alone
Home
You're so far away. come on home
(DRILL WHIRRING)
RANCHER: This is the last one.
RIP: Jimmy. hey.
get your ass up here.
- I just saw a trout.
- Shut the fuck up.
Crank this thing
until I tell you to stop.
Holy shit. is this legal?
You're a criminal.
What do you care?
Thought the Yellowstone was
gonna keep me out of trouble.
Getting in trouble's
the only skill you got.
The only difference now is
you ain't gonna get caught.
Start moving it down
to the river. Let's go.
That's good enough.
Start moving it this way now.
Hey. quit looking at fish.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
(SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING)
- Hi. Marian. how are you?
- Hi. how are you?
- Hello.
(PIANO MUSIC CONTINUES)
- WAITER: Sir?
- Thank you.
- How are we all doing here?
- Oh. good!
- It's been a long time.
- Yes.
- Thank you for coming by.
- You look well.
Thank you for joining me.
- Bye.
- MAN: Enjoy your evening.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
I feel different here.
My skin tingles.
Never felt like this before.
That's because
you live in the city.
Cities are the
sunsets of civilization.
monuments to an
exhausted landscape.
Man is migratory by nature.
What you're feeling is instinct.
a hunger for new land
that's woven into your DNA.
That's the reason our species
survived when countless others failed.
That tingle
is the sensation of
touching your destiny.
(EXPLOSIONS BOOMING)
- The fuck was that?
- (BOOMING ECHOES)
Oh. no.
- We hold here.
- MAN: Hold up here a little bit.
They're coming.
PILOT: (ON RADIO)
We're in position.
(COW LOWS)
PILOT: Ready? JOHN: Yeah.
PILOT: Hold on.
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
Get ready.
They're coming.
(COCKS GUN)
Let 'em.
MAN: Let's get out of here!
Robert. let's go!
(CATTLE LOWING)
JOHN: (ON RADIO)
Lee. get in there.
Yah. yah!
PILOT: (ON RADIO) Who's
that? Is that one of ours?
- Yah! Yah!
- JOHN: Hit him with the light.
- Yah! Yah. yah!
- PILOT: What the hell's he doing?
God damn that boy.
Get behind him.
Now take us down.
You see that?
Jesus Christ!
No. Hold your fire.
PILOT: What do we do now?
Pull back.
Pull back. Abort.
JOHN: Everybody. pull back.
Put your guns down!
- (OVERLAPPING SHOUTING)
- (CATTLE LOWING)
We got to get the
fuck out of here.
We ain't going anywhere
without our beef.
Hold them back!
Get over in front of
them! Hold them back!
(GUNSHOTS)
Yah! Yah!
Yah!
Forty tours in Afghanistan.
and I got to deal
with this shit in
fucking Montana.
- Wheel us around.
- Jesus Christ. John.
- we got to get out of here.
- JOHN: I said wheel us around!
We've still got men down there.
Drop us down and push
those bastards back.
Yes. sir.
Closer.
Hang on.
(OVERLAPPING SHOUTING)
PILOT: All right. we're through.
(MEN SHOUTING AND WHISTLING)
(GUNFIRE)
Keep them moving.
You want 'em back.
come and get 'em!
- (GUNSHOT)
- Oh!
(GROANING)
I want them back.
Hang on. okay?
I'm gonna get you out of here.
Look at you. you're a man now.
- (GUN CLICKS)
In case you don't already know.
there's no such thing as heaven.
Hey.
(SOBBING)
Yes. sir. yeah. I hear you.
Give me four mounted agents
and four agents on
ATVs out there right now.
Yes.
I hear. okay.
Okay. thank you.
Thank you.
All right. state police are sending
a chopper out to look for him.
Tell them to hold off.
I found him.
Give me the reins.
All right.
Go straight to Jamie.
Tell him everything
while it's fresh. all right?
What happened?
We'll just...
We'll just... We'll
just rest here a bit.
Then we can...
We can pick a
spot together. huh?
How's that sound?
(CHIRPING)
(EXHALES)
(WHISPERS) Okay.
(HORSE NICKERS)
(HORSE NICKERING)
Mama?
(VOICE BREAKING)
Go back to your room.
Now.
(WHISPERS) Fuck.
A dispute over cattle between
tribal police. BLM officers.
and members of Montana's
livestock association
turned deadly last night...
- Turn it down.
- Leaving three men dead.
REPORTER: The FBI...
What did Kayce tell you?
The usual. nothing.
I should have seen this coming.
How could you know he
wanted the cattle that bad?
He didn't want the cattle.
He wanted this.
REPORTER: The FBI and
Bureau of Indian Affairs agents
are investigating two of
the deaths as murders.
and though jurisdictional issues
will certainly complicate
the investigation.
the US Attorney's
Office is pledging
every available resource.
I'll have a senate
hearing on this next month.
You have the full weight
of my office behind you.
Thank you. Senator.
We're gonna need it.
(BOTH GIGGLING)
JAMIE: Dad.
It's time.
Boys.
PRIEST: Let us pray.
"Men and brethren.
"let me freely speak unto
you of the patriarch David.
"that he is both
dead and buried..."
(VOICE FADES)
(PRIEST'S VOICE GROWS LOUDER)
Amen.
(BOYS SHOUTING AND LAUGHING)
(SNIFFLING)
He's one hell of a horse.
(SNIFFLES) Yeah.
Ain't got the breeding of
your stud. but he has a heart.
I know. I saw.
He would have died for me.
He almost did.
You want to stay for supper?
- You can put him in the barn.
- No.
I brought him for you.
You can put him in the barn.
(SOBBING QUIETLY)
I deserve to know
what happened. Kayce.
He was my brother.
What happened?
Baby. why won't you talk to me?
He's never looked at me
the way he looked at Lee.
And he never will.
I need you more than ever.
You have me.
Can you stay for a while?
I'm not going anywhere.
Just tell me who to fight.
Everyone.
(FIDDLE MUSIC PLAYING)
Trouble. trouble
Troubled all about my soul
Just as soon as
my feet touch down
I won't be in trouble no more
I wondered 'bout my mother
I wonder. has she gone
Just as soon as
my feet touch down
I won't be in trouble no more
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm